# Calliope
Server application for Calliope story generator
Author: Zacharia Lutz
Created in 2019 for the Thinkful Engineering Immersion program.

## Live app
https://calliope.now.sh

## API documentation
Base URL: https://infinite-tor-50976.herokuapp.com/api

### Generator
Generator query may optionally contain num for number of stories, up to 10, to generate (Defaults to 1)
as well as optional filter toggles modern, historic, scifi, fantasy which can be true or false.
GET /generator returns a list of stories generated by the server's database.

### Stories
Stories must contain {title, content, author}.
GET /stories returns all stories.
POST /stories adds a new story.
GET, DELETE, PATCH /stories/:story_id returns a specific story.
GET /stories/list/:user_id returns stories for a specific user.

### Users
Users must contain {username, email, password}.
GET /users returns all users.
POST /users adds a new user.
GET, DELETE, PATCH /users/:user_id returns a specific user.
GET /users/login accesses login verification with username and password query.

## Screenshots

Generator page:
https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/52924170/70095037-b122d700-161b-11ea-8d24-9148b17f229d.png
Saved Stories:
https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/52924170/70095038-b1bb6d80-161b-11ea-857a-c80012498bcf.png

## Application Summary
This app generates paragraph-length stories by filling in a modular template with nouns, verbs, and adjectives
from a database of thousands of wordds. The user can specifiy a number up to 10 to generate at a time.
There are also checkboxes to toggle the inclusion of thematic words such as sci-fi or fantasy.
The user is also able to create an account in order to save stories for later, and to give them a title.
The intention is to both assisst with writer's block and to provide general entertainment.

## Technology used
Calliope is built from the following languages and libraries:
HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, Node.js, Express, PostgreSQL